# Description
You are a professional robber planning to rob houses along a street. Each house has a certain amount of money stashed, the only constraint stopping you from robbing each of them is that adjacent houses have security systems connected and it will automatically contact the police if two adjacent houses were broken into on the same night.

Given an integer array nums representing the amount of money of each house, return the maximum amount of money you can rob tonight without alerting the police.

# Constraints
* 1 <= nums.length <= 100
* 0 <= nums[i] <= 400

# Example
**Input**: nums = [1,2,3,1]


**Output**: 4

**Explanation**: Rob house 1 (money = 1) and then rob house 3 (money = 3).
Total amount you can rob = 1 + 3 = 4.


# Solution
This a typical dynamic programming problem. We can start with a two dimentional dp, robber has two choices for a house, rob it or not rob it. So that can be two status for a house.  
Then we can combine the two status. Use dp[i] to denote the max money in nums[0...i]. We write it in bottom-up dp. It can also be written in top-down dp+memo. Furthermore, we can reduce the space complexity.

# Key word
Dynamic porgramming 

# Code

## cpp
1. Two d
```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int rob(vector<int>& nums) {
        int n = nums.size();
        int dp[n][2];
        dp[0][0] = 0;
        dp[0][1] = nums[0];
        for(int i = 1;i<n;i++){
            dp[i][0] = max(dp[i-1][0],dp[i-1][1]);
            dp[i][1] = nums[i]+dp[i-1][0];
        }
        return max(dp[n-1][0],dp[n-1][1]);
    }
};

```
2. One d
```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int rob(vector<int>& nums) {
        int n = nums.size();
        vector<int>dp(n,0);
        dp[0] = nums[0];
        if(n==1)
            return dp[0];
        dp[1] = max(nums[0],nums[1]);
        for(int i = 2;i<n;i++){
            dp[i] = max(dp[i-1],nums[i]+dp[i-2]);
        }
        return dp[n-1];
    }
};
```
time: O(n)


space: O(n)

# Company
Bytedance, Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Facebook, Cisco, eBay, Tencent, Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs, China Telecom, Alibaba, Xiaomi, Apple, Twitter, Bole