# Description
Given an array of characters chars, compress it using the following algorithm:

Begin with an empty string s. For each group of **consecutive repeating characters** in chars:

If the group's length is 1, append the character to s.
Otherwise, append the character followed by the group's length.
The compressed string s **should not be returned separately**, but instead be stored in **the input character array** chars. Note that group lengths that are 10 or longer will be split into multiple characters in chars.

After you are done **modifying the input array**, return the new length of the array.

You must write an algorithm that uses only constant extra space.


# Constraints
* 1 <= chars.length <= 2000
* chars[i] is a lower-case English letter, upper-case English letter, digit, or symbol.


# Example
**Input**: chars = ["a","a","b","b","c","c","c"]


**Output**: Return 6, and the first 6 characters of the input array should be: ["a","2","b","2","c","3"]


**Explanation**: The groups are "aa", "bb", and "ccc". This compresses to "a2b2c3".

# Solution
Use a read pointer and a write pointer. Count the consecutive repeating characters, move write pointer and write the corresponding character and numbers.

# Key word
Two Pointers

# Code

## cpp
```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int compress(vector<char>& chars) {
        int count  = 1, i = 0, j = 0;
        while(j<chars.size()){
            if(j==chars.size()-1||chars[j]!=chars[j+1]){
                chars[i++] = chars[j];
                if(count ==1){
                    j++;
                    continue;
                }
                string s = to_string(count);
                for(char c:s){
                    chars[i++] = c;
                }
                count = 1;
            }else{
                count++;
            }
            j++;
        }
        return i;
    }
};

```
time: O(n)


space: O(1)

# Company
Microsoft, Apple, Facebook, Amazon, Google, eBay, Cisco, Goldman Sachs, Bytedance, IBM, NVIDIA