# Description
Given a string s containing only three types of characters: '(', ')' and '*', return true if s is valid.

The following rules define a valid string:

* Any left parenthesis '(' must have a corresponding right parenthesis ')'.
* Any right parenthesis ')' must have a corresponding left parenthesis '('.
* Left parenthesis '(' must go before the corresponding right parenthesis ')'.
* '*' could be treated as a single right parenthesis ')' or a single left parenthesis '(' or an empty string "".

# Constraints

* 1 <= s.length <= 100
* s[i] is '(', ')' or '*'.
# Example
**Input**: s = "()"


**Output**: true

**Explanation**: / 

# Solution
Three methods:
1. Use stack for left parenthesis and stars, when encountering right parenthesis, pop left parenthesis or star. In the end, determine whether each remaining left parenthesis has a corresponding star.
2. Greedy: Traverse from left to right, when encountering right parenthesis, delete the number of left parenthesis or star. In the end, judge whether left parenthesis is smaller than star. But we do not know there respective postion. So we should traverse from right to left again.
3. Use two variables l and r to store **possible** unmatched left parenthesis, if encounting left parenthesis, l++ and r++; if encounting right parenthesis, l-- and r--; if encounting *, l-- and r++. If l is smaller than 0, set l to 0. In the end, determine if l is 0.  

We give the code of 2.

# Key word
Stack, Greedy

# Code

## cpp
```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    bool checkValidString(string s) {
        int left = 0,right = 0, lstar = 0,rstar = 0;
        int n = s.size();
        for(int i = 0;i<n;i++ ){
            if(s[i]=='(')
                left++;
            else if(s[i]=='*')
                lstar++;
            else{
                if(left+lstar==0)
                    return false;
                (left>0)?left--:lstar--;
            }

            if(s[n-1-i]==')')
                right++;
            else if(s[n-1-i]=='*')
                rstar++;
            else{
                if(right+rstar==0)
                    return false;
                (right>0)?right--:rstar--;
            }

        }
        return left<=lstar&&right<=rstar;
    }
};

```
time: O(n)


space: O(n) using stack, O(1) otherwise

# Company
Tencent, Apple, Bytedance, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, Linkedln, Huawei, Oracle